the defense team in the City Harvest
Church trial began its case today with
former board member John lamp taking the
stand this morning lamb told the court
about the spiritual purpose of the cross
of a project which stands at the center
of the trial the cross of a project was
launched by the church to bring the
gospel to use in Asia particularly in
cities like Taiwan and Hong Kong youth
and young adults in these cities related
more to the entertainment industry than
to church therefore in order to
evangelize the youths the church had to
be relevant and accepted by them City
Harvest Church sent its co-founders
sonho out into the entertainment
industry become a positive influence to
the young and when opportunity arose she
could share the gospel and fulfill the
Great Commission later today lamb told
the court that in the years of the
crossover project Searcy's bought
members were constantly updated on hos
progress in Asia and then the USA
updates included but were not limited to
her progress on the music charts and the
changes to her management companies from
attributes private limited to extron
productions private limited with regards
to the church's investment into extron
lamp confirmed that he saw no
foreseeable problems for extron to repay
the bonds with interests using the
proceeds from hose English album the
album was due to be launched shortly
after the bonds were undertaken ho had
already taken five singles to the number
one spot on the US Billboard dance
charts by November 2006 in addition la
was aware that should there be any
losses born from the project businessman
and searcy member y-you hanafi would
personally indemnify these losses as a
member of CFCs investment committee lam
said he had drafted the investment
policy which was later sign off by the
searcy board while the committee had to
ensure that the terms set out in the
investment policy were adhered to the
actual investing was largely undertaken
by doing hon cici's a fund manager at
that time lam told the court he was not
directly involved in the decision
planning finalizing or signing of the
bond subscription agreement between
extron and the church after lung the
rest of the defendants are scheduled to
take the stand in the following order
he Charenton chewing hon tani ping and
lastly Serena we jus discharged his
lawyer Cena Council Michael coup in may
and will be representing himself for the
rest of the trial john lam continues
understand tomorrow for more information
log on to see the new store SG I'm sandy
yo city news singapore